
<h1 id="kaersinyt_pronssileikkuri">Kärsinyt pronssileikkuri</h1>
<div class="level1">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Vehicle 1</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <em>Uncommon Large</em></div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Crew</strong> 1 pilot; <strong>Passengers</strong> 0</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Piloting Check</strong> Driving Lore (DC 15) or Crafting (DC 17)AC 11; Fort +7</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Hardness</strong> 5, <strong>HP</strong> 18 (BT 10); <strong>Immunities</strong> object immunities</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Speed</strong> 30 feet (clockwork)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Collision</strong> 1d10 (DC 15)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Wind-Up</strong> 5 minutes of wind-up, 30 min of operational time, DC 14, standby</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>Actions</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Board [1 action]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Drive </div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> [1 action] Attempt a piloting check. On a success, the vehicle moves up to its Speed and can turn normally. On a failure, the vehicle moves its Speed in a straight line. On a critical failure, the vehicle moves its Speed in a straight line and becomes uncontrolled.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> [2 action] (reckless) The vehicle moves up to twice its Speed in a straight line at the vehicle’s current heading.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> [3 action] (reckless) You take a –5 penalty on your piloting check to maintain control of the vehicle. The vehicle moves up to three times its Speed in a straight line at the vehicle’s current heading.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Run Over [3 actions] You try to run over creatures with your vehicle, possibly also ramming one larger creature or object. If you maintain control of your vehicle, the vehicle moves up to twice its Speed in a straight line at the vehicle’s current heading. You attempt to run over any creatures in your path two sizes smaller than the vehicle or smaller, and you can attempt to ram one target creature or object in your path one size smaller than the vehicle or larger.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Each creature in your path, including a rammed target, takes the vehicle’s collision damage (basic Reflex save at vehicle’s collision DC). If the rammed target is a vehicle, its pilot can attempt a piloting check in place of this Reflex save, with the same results. If the target of your ram takes damage, you and your vehicle each take collision damage (no save) and your movement ends.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Stop [1 action]</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Take Control [1 action]</div>
</li>
</ul>
<div class="tags"><span>
	<a href="/doku.php?id=tag:statit&amp;do=showtag&amp;tag=statit" class="wikilink1" title="tag:statit" rel="tag">statit</a>,
	<a href="/doku.php?id=tag:ajoneuvot&amp;do=showtag&amp;tag=ajoneuvot" class="wikilink1" title="tag:ajoneuvot" rel="tag">ajoneuvot</a>
</span></div>

</div>
